mr. Woodruff you've tested positive for
HIV have you ever used intravenous drugs
have you ever engaged in homosexual
comma oh my g-d say hello you made of
stay letting me mr. Woodruff the
estimate you have 30 days left a news
flash y'all ain't nothing that there can
kill on woodruff for 30 days and drugs
they just released for testing and I
know this hospitals on the size and
meeting it doesn't work that way miss
Woodruff where are you going they got
good meds out of Mexico that's better
than what you get here in the States yes
protein totally non-toxic you can't buy
this in the USA that proved it could be
making a fortune off this you look great
I actually an amazing anything to
declare not a importing illegal drugs
for sale the very serious offense
they're not illegal they're merely
unapproved I've been looking for you
Lonestar mr. tinker bell unless you got
more cash for new clients I'm busy you
don't deserve our money that's y n five
percent 25 take it or leave it welcome
to the Dallas buyers done you treating
these people I don't treating himself my
selling drugs on Miss Ellie membership
Walker who were stood these are patients
yes hey girls those names of players on
the Dallas Cowboys nice to have a
Wednesday the hell is it have a court
order for me to got to confiscate any
and all non-fda-approved supplements we
need a new spline check Amsterdam Donna
and Israel can doing business with you
why are we here nice restaurant
beautiful woman that's where I feel like
a human again Oh mr. Woodruff what is
going on people are dying you're nothing
more than a common drug dealer pjs prey
on freaking homo Oh
I got one life alone wanna meet I'm just
let me be yo to be home